since the fourteenth year Where where In Karaganda or something And in Ukraine, well, where exactly in Ukraine people since the fourteenth year Well, you say that as if you don’t know, maybe I don’t understand in Lvov in Ivano-Frankivsk where we’ll start Donetsk Lugansk So, I mean, how is this? f Ukraine that Ukraine Bombed Ukraine Hello Hello I'm from the city of Khmelnitsk And you're from Rostov region Rostov region And more specifically from Khmelnitsk I'm from the Rostov region I realized how old you are young Virgo I'm young I'm already old And I'm dark here I can't quite see huh Well turn on the light It’s just gotten dark here Well turn on the light I’m interested to see how old it is Well old Well I don’t know how to show you Go where it’s light oh Serga started to be jealous Yes come back where you were sitting Better yes better not yes Why do you think our countries are at war and they should have fought at all should not have fought in the world there is no such obligation to fight for what They are fighting What do you think? Well, I’m asking you well because half of Ukraine sold itself to NATO people should not have touched which civilians should be and which ones? where are the peaceful people of this year, the peaceful people of this year, I can’t and Well, explain from the fourteenth year Where where is Karaganda or something And in Ukraine, well, where exactly in Ukraine are the people from the fourteenth year Well, you say that as if you don’t know, maybe I don’t understand in Lvov in Ivano-Frankovsk where we start Yes not So but in the sense of how is it It’s Ukraine that Ukraine Bombed Ukraine I can’t understand How it is Well it looks like there’s no reason for Ukraine to bomb Ukraine that was the point Why did Ukraine take it and Bombed Ukraine I can’t understand Well why you don’t understand if Ukraine Bombed Ukraine Why Well, I would like to know, well, this is some kind of nonsense, I know why you bombed, we didn’t bomb Ukraine Bombed Russian mercenaries, which mercenaries, which people, there are no civilians, Ukraine is more than one, tell me the name of at least one dead Ukrainian at the hands of Ukraine Well, yes, you are there Everyone died at the hands of Ukraine with why did Ukraine take it and you say shelled its own let’s let it go for the fourteenth year Now why are you taking children uh to war why are you catching them from children from how many years old from how many years old seventeen year old boys seventeen year old our boys are sent to war Yes, it’s terrible Why I don’t know, I probably don’t know And I don’t know either I haven’t heard this, but why do we have to Why do we send a seventeen-year-old to war, well, you might know that I just haven’t seen a seventeen-year-old being sent to war Tell me where this And why Why can’t you see if the damn thing is completely filled with this video video And where did you see these videos of a seventeen-year-old being sent to war? Yes, they are right there, think about it. That is, I understand correctly that they are taken straight from school to war, yes yes yes, give them at least the exams to pass in the eleventh grade or not Why fight? I understand And from what tenth or eleventh grade they are taken to the war in Ukraine Yes, it doesn’t matter Well, I’m interested I’m interested yes It’s by age, it’s not that is, maybe 17 years in the ninth class, they can take it there too, I understand Listen, the question is so good Well, why did Ukraine Bomb it Donbass, just a question I don’t know Well, since you don’t know where I can from Well, look, they’re hiding from us, I’ll explain The thing is that we don’t have news show the truth I can’t know I go to chat roulette to find out the truth from people who can watch independent news tell me your version Damn you’re sitting on the Internet the sats don’t open you don’t know in Ukraine I’ll take you to roulette clearly and the sites you don’t you can sites No, look, roulette is not blocked and the sites here Wikipedia is blocked Russian news Everything is blocked, it’s impossible to log in yes Well, I’m seriously saying yes, they left us with the Ukrainian ones, only this is the only marathon and they only show state Propaganda I come here Why the hell did RU get knocked up to find out what for what yes yes And they tell me I don’t believe even I think well damn I can’t check because I don’t have these access sites you go to the site it says the site is closed by decree like by decree of the President of Ukraine here you are now Khmelnitsky yes yes That’s where you are right now, and you’re very helpful to me about the fact that you can’t go anywhere except roulette. Yes, I can’t only go to Ukrainian sites. Well, what do you think? What do you think what was all this for? Why do I think that we We don’t know the whole truth, we don’t know the whole truth And that’s why I want to figure it out. I go to Roulette and ask people who have access to different news on different Telegram channels. Well, you found out the news Yes, but you told me that Ukraine Bombed Donbass but not They said Why can’t I understand? It doesn’t add up in my head, then there must be some reason. And what could be the reason? If you sold Well, just like that, we wouldn’t have bombed the Donbass. Well, look, you know this Russia Ukraine Belarus during the Slavic Three this is what you knew about a hero Well, when the Three Bogatyrs are the epics of the Kyiv cycle then there was no trace of Russia yet. Kievan Rus was exactly yes. And what does Russia have to do with Moscow? Moscow didn’t even exist then and Russia from Russia was where the capital of Rus' was. Listen, I’m telling you from Slavic times Three heroes, glorifying times, actually Three heroes - this is a fairy tale this is an epic This was invented, it’s unreal No, well, you came up with it like the ancient Ukrainians Black mo Okay Okay Let’s do it from Slavic times Three heroes, whatever it was, they owed each other everything So yeah Why are you Ute then Ukrainians now Why are you Russians why I don’t know ru Why are you Forbidden to speak Russian where They were forbidden to speak Russian Yes, even in schools Elementary They were forbidden to speak I didn’t understand Once upon a time we were forbidden to speak Russian Yes, well you speak in that way, no one forbade you, you see the SBU, but the SBU doesn’t come to me, where in our country, when in our country, when in our country, they forbade you to speak Russian. Why didn’t anyone forbid you to do that? We don’t forbid you, someone told you a fable some kind of turn off the light turn off the light turn off turn off the light turn off the light I won’t Okay I’ll endure it Okay Okay look then in short when we when we were banned from speaking Russian Well when you were banned When in the fourteenth year they started on What in the fourteenth year for you, damn you, your textbooks, you read your textbooks, the stories in general that you created No, what is written there? So you take it, read it, you understand. You're already around 42, under 43. Damn, you're disappearing. Tell me before you disappear. Please tell me why and when. why they started banning the Russian language, I can’t understand why someone wouldn’t like Pushkin or that you don’t need textbooks Listen, go outside here, you have a bad connection, but we don’t have them, look at our textbooks Damn it Now you Come on, we only give textbooks to children at school, they don’t let them read home so that our parents don’t see what’s in the textbooks, you understand. I mean, well, look, I mean, you don’t know what they’re doing, we don’t know. Well, here, look, it’s forbidden here. That’s how we do it notebooks, you gave birth to children and you don’t know what your kids are doing. Well, they study there, but we don’t have the right to look at the books and notebooks, the books and notebooks remain in the Well, that’s how it was decided. Who could have decided that, I don’t know, well, really, look, we don’t give the books back to us I also came to school and wanted to see what books on history tell us that no history books are given only to children for history lessons. Yes, they write notebooks there and immediately take them and do their homework; they stay at school for 2 hours; they stay at school and do their homework. so that the parents don’t have books and don’t watch. What are you talking to me about now, and then your child will succeed if you yourself don’t know what he’s doing, look Well, I think that nothing worse will happen, so that is, well, in principle, your parents watched you textbooks but the result is obvious Yes, I think that if I don’t even look at my child’s textbook yes And what is the result uh what do you think we have the result is obvious Yes, I think that if I don’t even look at my child’s textbook you she won’t grow up Well, I think he will grow up Okay, let’s see what kind of education you have, people I think I understand yes the question You are secondary specially secondary specially super super let’s take a look at this question for our child, we have done everything for higher education damn Good for you in your child’s education I’m talking about this and what will you see? You’ll see there Ohm’s law for a section of the circuit, what will the textbooks tell you? And we’re not talking about physics. But about what, namely about history, literature about history, good question on history. As I understand it, you’re an expert on textbooks, yes Please tell me when the authorities are in what year Well, if you don’t know this, I know I know from I want to check or you know You’re a historian to check me Okay, well that means when Lenin came to power when And you don’t check me with this, then in what year Tell me in what year did Lenin come to power you don’t check me with this you didn’t know Lenin came to power in 192 And you don’t know this seriously Are you sure of this that I don’t know you don’t know You would have said right away that 1920 was only when you told me that uh you are not allowed to see textbooks Well, you already said it all well Who was in power until 1920 in Russia before Lenin you are not testing me with this And how to test you Why are you testing me because or you normally looked at your son’s textbooks and this is what you have in your textbooks. You saw your history textbooks, of course, yes, it’s good when the Russian Federation appeared, what is written there and why do you need it? And you see, you haven’t seen it. That’s because your history textbooks are falsified, you also don’t let your parents look at the textbooks, too. ha-ha it wasn’t it wasn’t Okay let’s let the woman go subscribe to my Telegram right now ovin and popk tse more and more respectfully YouTube keeping us busy through srg or in the new ban and a lot more videos I don’t show people at all times I don’t show information about the stream That’s why Shchob mi Mali operational link write directly at the same time and while there in telegra okm video shtezh va and korisna information and mi pon z you trima postiyny operational link nezalezhno in that chi show you the process YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe L